README.md, before:

>**Note**: Please **fork** the current repository to your Github account. After forking, you will have a **remote** repository in your Github account. Clone the remote repository to your local machine. Later, as a part of the project "Post your Work on Github", you will push your proposed changes to the **remote repository in your** Github account.

### Date created
This repository first created on December 13<sup>th</sup>, 2021.

### Project Title
This is a bike share project from one of the Udacity course.

### Description
This is an interactive python project where we have bike sharing data from three different major cities (e.g. Chicago, New York City, and Washington D.C.) in 2017. The program gives the user options to choose the city, time of the year, and day of the week. Then, it gives statistics related to the data.

### Files used
- csv files.
- bikeshare.py.

### Credits
The credits goes to Udacity. This is the git project from a course called programming for Data Science with Python (this is a nano degree program).

Commit message:

doc: File used and Credits were updated. Bug known section was updated as well.

README.md, after:

>**Note**: Please **fork** the current repository to your Github account. After forking, you will have a **remote** repository in your Github account. Clone the remote repository to your local machine. Later, as a part of the project "Post your Work on Github", you will push your proposed changes to the **remote repository in your** Github account.

### Date created
This repository first created on December 13<sup>th</sup>, 2021.

### Project Title
This is a bike share project from one of the Udacity course.

### Description
This is an interactive python project where we have bike sharing data from three different major cities (e.g. Chicago, New York City, and Washington D.C.) in 2017. The program gives the user options to choose the city, time of the year, and day of the week. Then, it gives statistics related to the data.

### Files used
- Bike sharing data are available in the form of comma seperated values (CSV) files for three different cities.
- bikeshare.py is the main python program.

### Credits
The credits goes to Udacity. This is the git project from a course called programming for Data Science with Python (this is a nano degree program). It has been forked from SudKul from Udacity.

### Known bugs
As of now, there is no bug detected. Please let me know if you find any.
